shut up
Ashamed
I made a four-sided president.
I have never seen the supreme black card of our bank
Let me check.
Of course, feel free to check
Is your inspection machine level enough?
Give me mine
I'll just say this card is fake
Try again.
Boy, how dare you pretend
Do you want me to give you a third chance?
Mr. Chen
Please explain to me what happened to this card
That's impossible.
Ah Biao won't lie to me
Damn it
I got the wrong card for the young master
Yes, yes, yes, it's me, I've been in the line
I haven't seen the distinguished guest, don't worry.
I will personally receive the distinguished guests
Mr. Chen, do you know Liu Shanshui?
Sir Liu Shanshui does not know
Transform Ruifeng Bank Fraud
The security department crippled this kid for me